L I T E R A L L Y    E V E R Y T H I N G
I S    S U B J E C T    T O    C H A N G E

WORLD OVERVIEW

Game is set in a high dark fantasy universe. The game takes place in the heavily Scottish influenced Kingdom of [blank].
[blank], a once prosperous, proud and heavily bloodthirsty nation fell to ruin after a series of calamitous events, all
of which occured simultaneously. As the player progresses through the game they unearth multiple disasters leading up
to the eventual ruin of the kingdom.
The four areas explored include the Mausoleum Dungeon, King's Gardens, Mutinied Bedlam and Castle Dogma.

PLAYER CHARACTER

The game begins with the player character having just crawled out of a stone coffin in the deepest pit of the Mausoleum
Dungeon. Clearly an amnesiac and surrounded entirely by unspeaking and almost universally undead creatures, you are left
to discover your own past. (You're a magical anomaly created as a byproduct of a horrible cult's grand blood ritual to
create an immortal)

Despite this dark and putrid setting the game is about silly cartoon boys waving swords at eachother until one of them 
falls over because juxtaposition gets me hard

- LEVELS -

MAUSOLEUM DUNGEON

In [blank], the convicted and the dead are one in the same, and thus are kept in the same place. A derelict dungeon
beneath the castle, infested with mind controlled guards, ancient prisoners and a horde of overgrown zombies summoned
by a necromancer looting the dungeon for corpses to be used in his necroesque experiments. The dungeon is quiet and
untidy. Skulls, bones and rubble litter the floor.

KINGS GARDEN

The gardens outside the Castle are built around a man-made river running straight from the ocean into a lake in the 
center. Bordering a thick forest inhabited by barbarians and druids, when the kingdom fell the garden was quickly 
conquered and swarmed by wildlife and outside forces. The garden was designed originally to serve as a labyrinth,
incredibly difficult to traverse without knowledge of the layout, such that the royal family could abscond the kingdom
through it should things turn for the worst. A deadly sea monster has found its way into the man made body of water,
and can be heard bellowing for miles, disturbing the otherwise peaceful and green forest.

MUTINIED BEDLAM

An bedlam built for the seemingly overwhelming insane population of [blank]. bedlam's are an uncommon practice not only
for the current medieval setting, but extremely out of place in the bloodthirsty war torn nation of [blank]. It seems
perhaps to have been built to serve some alterior motive, such as studying the insane and their seemingly natural
affinity for magic, an outlawed practice generally requiring years of training and experience.
The bedlam is now overrun by its own patients, though not naturally evil, they're now all under a mass delusion of 
some greater force contorting the walls of the bedlam's interior, and commanding them from the walls.
Soon before the fall of [blank], the heir to the throne and Prince was admitted to the bedlam following his claims of 
traumatizing and haunting nightmares.

CASTLE DOGMA

This area is super super unfinished and unstarted but after retrieving some macguffin the player enters the Castle to
search for the King of [blank]. The entire castle is overrun by cultists and the abominations they've spawned, large
singular eyeballs, shambling horrors and chimeras pacing the daunting halls of the King's Citadel.

- CHARACTERS -

SHOPKEEP MACDONNEL

One of the only last sane and completely not undead people in the country (and game) is the helpful and legless retired
whaler Shopkeep MacDonnel. Having lost his legs in a horrible ship accident years in the past, he's run a small shack
store on the shore nearest the castle for years offering travelling equipment to adventurers. Helpful and very Scottish,
he offers tips on how to effectively deal with the many monsters infesting the world that may be troubling the player.
Lives on the coast outside the mausoleum, near the docks.

KING MANDIAS

The King of [blank] is considered a deity by the people. Depicted as invincible war god, tales are told of him taming
the ocean, slaying absurd legendarys beasts that may or may not exist, and is famous for wearing no armor preferring to
show off his effulgent manly chest. (This guy's the final boss)

CARTGUY

This guy who has a cart that takes you to the bedlam, since walking through the town would be hell. I haven't
characterized him yet, but I'm thinking about him having some alterior motive for sending you the bedlam, or maybe just
completely replacing him with MacDonnel.

PRINCE MANDIAS

The Prince of heir to the throne of [blank]. Extremely talented sorcerer in his prime, and considered a kind hearted
hero by the populace. Went crazy and was admitted to the Bedlam.

4 WIZARDS

As previously mentioned, magic is outlawed in [blank]. These laws are enforced in secret, and a majority of the populace
is still under the impression magic doesn't even exist. Sorcery is in fact not outlawed for any religious or 
superstitious reason. Magic is something that is considered poorly understood even with a lifetime of practice. A secret
society of sorcerers exists, with its own motives and goals, mostly related to studying magic. In the game there are 
4 Wizards, all of which are unique characters and mini-bosses. All 4 are out studying different things.

ALSO ALL BUT THE FIRST WIZARD ARE OPTIONAL AND KILLING ALL OF THEM GRANTS THE GOOD ENDING BECAUSE THEY ALL DROP ONE PART
OF A COOL MAGIC SWORD CALLED THE KINGSLAYER MORE LATER

The first, who you find near the beginning of the Dungeon, is searching for the anomaly that caused the grand ritual
to fail, which they'd determined had come from the general area. He's confident and mildly flamboyant.

The second, in the woods, will be studying the local druid's school of magic, which had previously been assumed to be 
a fake religion made by savage wood people. (The secret wizard society doesn't take kindly to people that cast magic
using physical apparatus. This guy might be really old? I haven't characterized him yet.

Magic with sticks is is like cavemen banging rocks on the wall from their perspective. Only
difference is up until recently they'd assume it did nothing.) Druids in particular have created something truly
interesting to the society because the blue orbs they use seem to interact with magic in the same manner as a human
heart, like an artificial life source, something the society hadn't figured out how to do yet. Magic is super complex.
Even though only a stark few schools of magic are in practice, grand magus's assume there could be dozens of
undiscovered schools.

The third wizard is a young witch in the bedlam, studying the strange occurences there. The warping walls and freaky
creatures that have begun to write within its halls. The Prince of [blank] was a talented sorcerer in secret, when he
was committed to the bedlam, its predicted his drift from sanity may have lead him to discover a new, nightmarish school
of magic previously unknown.

The fourth and final wizard is still up in the air. He'll be in the castle and be pretty hard. Considering him being a
Grand Magus with crazy magic of all kinds, or perhaps a double agent wizard who's secretly in cahoots with the Cultists.

- THE CALAMITY -

The Kingdom collapsing ultimately was caused by multiple horrible events occuring at the same time.

1. The Prince, probably the most capable combatant and heir to the throne, goes insane. His dreams infiltrated and 
polluted by cultists working from inside the kingdom.

2. The king and queen, usually known for being forward and having public appearances regularly have both mysteriously
stopped showing up much at all, causing rumors amongst the populace of them being dead or ashamed of some event. Shame
is more or less sin in the warrior nation; and the king is supposed to be infallible.

3. A warring nation from overseas is tipped off (probably by the cultists) of an opening in [blank]'s defenses. As such,
this currently nameless overseas nation comes and absolutely wrecks their unprepared army and populace. Almost everybody
dies in the turmoil, and all those corpses, hearts and blood are the perfect storm for a Grand Resurrection Ritual which
raises them all as mindless crimson eyed servants. These undead are called the Risen.

4. This is small scale but the bedlam received a wagon of foreign crazy people before the event, later revealed to be
trained assassins. The bedlam workers give them Black strait jackets to differentiate them from the rest of the normal
patients. The cultists probably orchestrated this as well to make sure if the Prince came to his senses he wouldn't
escape the bedlam.

5. Furthermore and this is probably one of the only things that wasn't orchestrated by the cultists, the druids figured
out some crazy shit and have cooked up some wacky magic. The forests are a lot more dangerous than they used to be, so
there wasn't much place to run.

6. The story of the King taming the sea wasn't hyperbole or myth. He actually did it. And in his absence, its acting up
again. The tempest denies exit to any by sea.

- SCHOOLS OF MAGIC -

I can't just say there's like 30,000 schools of magic and not name some of them

Pyromancy: Anything involving exclusively fire. Generally considered really easy as far as magic goes. Fireballs n shit.
Arcana: Generic magic like blue missiles, telekinesis or wards.
Faith: All the Yellow shit Lefty uses.
Hemomancy: Blood rituals and almost anything the cultists use.
Druidry: The bright blue casting the Druids use, as well as anything powered by their spherical blue crystals.
Phantasm: Magic invoked through dreams and nightmares.

- MECHANICS -

Being an abomination freak of nature, upon death the player merely resurrects, and is presumably immortal.

Another benefit of this is that the player character can heal their wounds by collecting the blood of enemies. Based on
the quality of their heart (BIOLOGICAL) upon killing an enemy the player regenerates HP. As a result, living humans
tend to grant more HP than undead ones, or small animals. Young humans tend to give less HP as well. The in game 
bestiary contains both a portrait of the enemy and a portrait of their heart. (Overgrown zombies have vines wrapped
around their heart, Risen hearts are a darker read color and pump slower, so they appear almost dead. Automata generally
have some alternate power source that takes this spot.)

After defeating the first Wizard in the Mausoleum Dungeon, the player reads his notes and learns how to preform the
blood ritual. By performing this ritual using excess blood, the player can create checkpoints, such that upon death they
may return to life there.

The player learns a majority of the story from reading Bestiary entries, weapon descriptions and notes found on enemies.

